In December, we hit 10 million US in
monthly revenue. So that gets us to 120
million annual recurring revenue run
rate. In 26, we're projecting roughly
about 180 to 200 million fully year
revenue, which gets us to roughly about
a 300 million annual [music] recurring
run rate by the end of 26. I'm delighted
to be joined by Danny Young, CEO of
Frenetics, the parent company of what is
now known as the fastest growing
supplement brand. Do I really want to
dive into the weeds of the growth and
how you've kind of facilitated such a
crazy growth rate over the last 12 to 18
months? Almost got this like roster
[music] of experts that really bring
that credibility layer.
>> When you're launching any new brands,
how do you get people's attention and
we're so fortunate and proud to have
David as our co-founder [music] for
>> I think a big topic across DC brands
right now is trying to get away from the
handcuffs of Facebook. Is the majority
of your mix still focused on meta as the
primary driver of growth
>> in this type of setting? and our speed
is our biggest advantage. We're never
going to be a comfortable company.
>> Where are you seeing AI drive the most
value [music] to the business in terms
of efficiency gains currently?
>> One thing that we also did from day one
that really helped the growth from day
one with
>> you're trying to produce unusual
outcomes. So, you need unusual inputs. I
guess
>> yeah, welcome back to another episode of
DC Diaries. Uh, I'm delighted to be
joined by Danny Young, um, CEO of
Prrenetics, a publicly listed company
and the parent company of what is now
known as the fastest growing supplement
brand of all time in in the consumer
space. So, yeah, thank you for joining
me, Danny. Really excited to dig into
the story of Prenatics and IMO today.
>> Yeah, thank you Ollie for having me.
Um, as with any guest, want to really
dive into the weeds of, uh, obviously we
mentioned prior to starting the
recording, uh, watched quite a few of
your other podcasts and, um, heard a lot
of the backstroke, really want to dive
into the weeds of the growth and how
you've kind of facilitated such a crazy
crazy growth rate over the last 12 to 18
months. But, um, as with every guest,
it'd be great just to start with a bit
of a backstory about yourself,
prenetics, and maybe a bit about how how
IMA came to be.
Great. Uh, yeah. Thank you, Al. It's a
pleasure to be here. Uh, interestingly
enough, you know, you when you guys did
the deep dive, the podcast, I think it
was probably what, eight to nine months
ago.
>> Yeah.
>> Some somewhere that I
>> Yeah. Over the last year, I listened to
that. My whole team listened to that. I
was like, "Wow, hey, Ollie, these guys
really know what they're talking about."
Right. The challenges, how we think
about the website, you know, the founder
notes, all of that stuff was spoton. Um,
you know, so really appreciate you guys
doing that deep dive early on, right?
and then of course afterwards. Yeah, a
lot of guys copy you guys which is
always good to see and did deep dives on
us and etc. Yeah, so very glad to be on
the show here.
>> I appreciate you appreciate you watching
that as well. Obviously I'll link the
the other episode the previous episode
down below. So if anyone wants to go and
have a look at the deep dive we did on
on IMA. Um I appreciate you sending us
some product as well. Both me and Lucas
have been avid users of IMATE. It just
shipped us over the the box and uh it's
it's yeah amazing product.
>> Great. Thank you. Um yeah, so Ali, just
a quick background about myself. You I
grew up in the US always been an
entrepreneur. I started working at the
age of 15. So very early. My first job
was a telemarketer. Uh I got my first
start in entrepreneurship at the age of
uh at the age of 25. Uh it was actually
a restaurant business. uh I franchise a
dessert chain into the US um at the age
of 25. I did that for about 3 to four
years. I then did a hotel furniture
business uh import export from China
into the US eventually working on some
large hotel projects like MGM, City
Center uh in Vegas. I also did that for
about three to four years and in 2010
you know I always had a knack or or a
you know passion for technology and
interest in that sector um and I moved
to Hong Kong in 2010 to launch an
e-commerce company uh and that model was
actually going after the group on
business idea right I moved to Hong Kong
again had no e-commerce background uh
within six months our monthly revenues
grew to 1 million monthly USD in
revenues at the same time when Groupon
went international they acquired 51% uh
majority stake in my company 3 to four
years later you know they bought the
rest at when I was at Groupon was then
made the East Asia CEO so basically took
that you know basically from you know
zero and then we went to I think when I
left we were doing about I think yeah
200 million annual revenues and we're
the largest e-commerce uh company in the
region right so uh yeah so I think yeah
to be fair I those three, four years. I
mean, that those were really crazy
growth times. I'm I'm sure you remember
one days.
>> Um, and that really gave me a lot of
background in DTC, consumer, direct to
consumer, all the customer funnels,
landing pages, yeah, paid marketing,
etc. Uh, however, you know, after
Groupon, I went into the healthcare
route, right? So, I started Prenetics. I
wanted to get into healthcare um and
specifically DNA testing. And
interestingly enough at that time
everyone expected me to kind of a do DTC
genetic testing. Uh but back in 2014
early on when I was doing some
acquisition testing and funnel triing um
the customer acquisition cost at that
time was way too expensive. Um so we
never even launched a DTC DNA test in
2014. Right. Instead we went B2B TOC.
Yeah. working with very large insurance
companies uh for them to pay uh for them
to provide DNA test as a value added
service. So did that for really about a
good you know four to five years. When
COVID hit we pivoted our whole
operations to doing PCR testing. Um so
we went basically you know from again a
DNA test lab to doing PCR testing uh at
scale. Right. So I remember early on in
2020 again there was a lot of
uncertainty. We didn't know what we were
going to do, right? I think the whole
world didn't know. Uh and then we just
started offering PCR testing to the
community to help out. Uh it was very
difficult to do PCR testing in Hong
Kong. We started out just doing 100
tests on a daily basis. Um at the height
of our PCR testing, we're doing 40,000
tests daily. And of course we had to
work with the government, Hong Kong
government. We worked with the UK
primarily. So those three years from
2020 to end of 2022 we did yeah crazy
amounts of testing was like yeah 800
million USD in revenue. Uh we did yeah
accumulatively over 28 million labor
tests. So um you know scale the
complexity supply chain people
management data security you you you
name it everything happens all you know
in a such fast manner of time there
>> that's when you makes consumer look easy
I guess that's when that complex to see
[laughter]
>> um
>> to be fair when I when I think about
those times it does make it easier seem
actually easier because at that time
again you can't get you a single PCR
test wrong, right? False positives,
false negatives, etc., right? Uh and you
know, we had a workforce about like, you
know, two three thousand people at one
point, right? Just to you because it was
a huge logistical challenge.
>> Yeah. Amazing journey. Very, very
varied, I guess, experienced there. But,
but um and then 2022, you took the
business, you listed the business
public, is that correct?
>> Yeah, correct. uh you know you know
right you know towards the tail end of
co a we thought this was a good
opportunity
uh you know because at one point we knew
co would end but we wanted to be in
control of our own destiny right so we
felt going to the public markets on the
NASDAQ was one of those ways so we
listed on the NASDAQ uh in the middle of
>> makes sense then what what was the
journey from from there to to IMA
obviously IMA launched is December 2024
I believe um what was the What did the
two years in between there look like and
and what was the what drew you to that
opportunity? What brought you to
consumer health products in that
category?
>> Yeah, correct. Um you know when after co
and of course our you know business you
know plummeted by 90%. Right. So it was
like there there was no replacement for
COVID just given up how do you replace
40,000 tests on a daily basis right?
Impossible.
>> Yeah. Um and then so we started thinking
hey you know what do we do uh we had
cash we had the determination we had the
team in place and structure and then we
started thinking okay what are the areas
where we can potentially tackle a very
large addressable market put great
science behind it and leverage off our
last 10 years of clinical background
right and then so we felt again the
consumer supplement space there's a lot
of opportunity there um and then so this
is you know basically in in the middle
of 2023 when we started first thinking
about this. At the same time as we're
thinking about this, I had an
opportunity to meet with you David
Beckham via my very good friend Michelle
Laminer. Um he's the owner of Tatler
Asia, which is a big media sports
lifestyle company. And he was asking me
I was just with dinner with Michelle. He
was like hey Danny um yeah I want to
meet you David again in in two weeks.
You do you want to join? I'm like yeah
why not? Right. And
It was just really really it was just
really off of that simple conversation.
And then of course, you know, when I
went over to London, I didn't really
have an agenda because, you know, not
going to it's David back you're talking
to, right? You don't want to just pitch
him something. It was just really more
about a understanding him as a person,
what his interests are. And then it was
a great time in his life where I think
he really wanted to you give back to the
community and he was just approaching
you 50 years old. He knew he had a great
following a big following and global
following and when we met we think we
started brainstorming what are the
things that we can potentially do
together and he was very intrigued about
my background from the consumer side at
Groupon as well as the clinical science
for frenetics. Right. So those two kind
of converged and then you know for David
you in the last 30 years many
individuals companies etc has asked him
to do something in this space uh but he
yeah you didn't do he he rejected all
those opportunities and then so when we
finally agreed to do this together and
him coming on board as a co-founder I
mean it was a very very pivotal moment
and you know to get to for you for us to
you kind of cut through the noise right
cuz I think when you're launching any
new brand, there's just so much loss.
How do you get people's attention? And
yes, we're so happy and and fortunate
and proud to have David as our
co-founder for IM8.
>> Yeah, I feel like he's like the pinnacle
of UK celebrity, right? He's probably
he's probably big in America and big in
other countries, but he's like the top
of our our especially from like the last
20 30 years in the UK. Um, yeah.
interesting that it I know from
listening to previous podcast it was
very much built around solving a problem
that he'd had through his own life, his
own consumption of multiple supplements
and try to combine that into one
holistic
>> routine. And we we talk a lot about
about
>> often brands that are founded from that
like solving a problem for the
individual first before scaling it up to
solve it for the market
are often the ones that go the furthest.
And um yeah, I guess it's yeah, you can
see the power and the impact he's had on
on the brand. And uh has that translated
effectively to every market? I imagine
it has, but
I always thought his celebrity was
almost larger in the UK than elsewhere,
but yeah, he's obviously a huge name.
>> Yeah, I mean exactly as you mentioned,
Ali, I think the core principle when we
started chatting was even for David and
Victoria, right? They were taking
multiple supplements on a daily basis.
was like 12, 13, 14, 15. And the reality
was, you know, he felt it was quite
annoying [snorts] and there must be a
better way to do it, right? At clinical
effective dosages with a product that
tastes good. And of course, he's tried
other products, etc., but he just never
stood to it. And then so we went say,
you know what, there must be something
that we can do to simplify the nutrition
routine because it's not just for David.
I mean there's so many other people I
mean millions of people around the world
that you know have faced the similar
issues right is that hey you know once
you start taking supplements you don't
want to just take a multivitamin right
because that's just like very basic you
start getting into you know CoQ10 MSM
probiotics joints etc etc so once you
start taking supplements it's easily
you're taking 12 13 14 15 supplements on
a daily basis and the reality of that is
very difficult to maintain that routine
and then so we came out with IM8 which
again the P core principle was that with
IM8 our daily ultimate essentials you
replace 16 different supplements in one
drink that you take every day which also
tastes as good right so we made a big uh
uh focus on not just the scientific
formulation but the whole customer
experience leading from time you get the
package to the time you consume it and
ongoing communications afterwards
>> yeah I feel like you've got that perfect
combination there of the the science
backing the credibility there and the
credibility of David and obviously
you've you've expanded that expert
network or the the across the brand. I
feel like that's something that we're
definitely seeing more of as like an
entry requirement within the supplement
space. Like there's so many brands
popping up in supplementation.
Um, and I think those differentiation
factors are just going to be so so
important through 2026 as as that noise
continues. Um,
>> yeah.
>> How have you approached you you've
obviously then had Savilanka. I know
you've had doctors from and head
researchers from NASA. I believe you've
had I've seen UFC doctors. you've almost
got this like roster of of experts that
really bring that credibility layer and
allow you to leverage their like
positioning and the messaging in
creative that can I imagine brings a lot
of diversification and attracts
different audiences. How have you
approached the expansion of that over
time?
>> No 100%. I think that was also very
important from day one when me and David
Young co-founder IM8 right it's like hey
we wanted to bring in the best
scientists you know that was also
diversified right it's not just someone
that was good with formulation it's
bring in uh you know doctors from
different fields you know cardiologists
you know surgeons you know Dr. done for
example from your mail clinic right from
day one yeah we knew we couldn't build
this brand alone on David right and
David also didn't want that right we
also didn't want that because that's too
much dependency on him um as an
individual again which isn't fair right
and I think a lot of times where to be
fair I think you know when David
previously got a lot of these
opportunities these to do something
categorizing a lot of the other brands
or individuals they really wanted you
know the brand just to be him, right?
And we felt from day one, hey, for this
brand to survive the test of time, we're
talking about 5, 10, 15, 20 years, the
scientific basis needed to be very, very
strong from day one. So from day one, we
recruited, you know, world-class
scientific advisory board, the likes
again with Dr. Dawn, even the former
chief scientist of NASA, right? uh James
Green and yeah so we brought along a
really amazing scientific team that came
together in different uh specialties to
co-create the formulation uh which you
see now right and so that was very
important for us because again we really
wanted to see okay how can someone
challenge the product and so we wanted
to check off all these the different
challenges so from day one we had
clinical trials uh we also had NSF
certification for sport and so that
means if you're an athlete, you know,
it's free from 280 banned substances,
heavy metals, etc. because that's very
important given you David's status as an
athlete.
Yeah, I think that's such a smart move
because I think when you you see brands
that almost completely um build the
proposition and position around one
individual and that I think that is it
has risk inherent risk in it but it also
has a a limit on who they appeal to and
who they attract to and I think you've
obviously leveraged David so
effectively. anybody watching, go and
look through IM8's funnels and Daddy's
team's funnels and how they use the the
individuals that he's mentioned in the
ads and then pull that through the
customer journey and how that builds
congruency and how that builds trust and
and I'm sure how that drives conversion
and actual KPIs and metrics. Um, but
it's yeah really impressive to see that
there's there's so many strands to that
strategy. It's not just like one or two
individuals. And I think within there it
just builds a broader appeal beyond just
the product and the the impact they have
on product as well which is is super
interesting.
>> Yeah. And as you mentioned, I think um
you know last June we also brought along
you know world number one tennis player
Reena Sabalinka right and then so I
think with [snorts] her addition that
also further you know gives us so much
credibility because you're talking about
someone which is yeah playing at the top
of her game right and the the the
interesting thing about how that
relationship got started it was fully
organic right her performance coach
Jason Stacy started taking the product
in January of last year after about a
month he felt a difference in you the
product and then he suggested to Reena
hey I felt a difference uh you know we
we're not doing I mean again they were
at the same time looking for a new
supplement stack right because they were
taking a bunch of stuff which they felt
didn't work and once they were on IM8
and then at Arena's level yeah they're
testing they're monitoring a daily basis
in terms of how she's feeling her diet
her training everything and after about
3 months you know her team contacted me
and say, you know, Arena's been on a
product for about 3 months. Uh, can we
partner together? So, I was like, of
course. Right. So, I think when you get
that level of validation,
uh, you know, the product works
>> 100%. She's on an absolute run at the
moment as well. I think she just won a
tournament without losing. So, she's
hopefully she wins the Australian Open.
You can you can leverage that.
>> Exactly. [laughter] Exactly. Right. So,
yeah, she's just won the Brisbane
international, right, without losing a
set. Yeah. So that was, you know, quite
amazing. Um, yeah, the interesting, of
course, she won the US Open. We also
sponsor another athlete, Gabri Dowski,
and interestingly enough, she also won
the US Open in the doubles, right? And
so last year,
[laughter]
>> um, amazing. Well, yeah, great to hear
the backstory. I'd love to switch gears
firstly to um, just recap a bit of the
financial performance and the growth
rate because I think it's been
astronomical. Um, obviously you guys
have have have got that extra level of
scrutiny of having to make all of your
numbers public to the markets and I've
seen many threads on Twitter breaking
down financial performance but growth
rate yearover-year. Uh, I saw 20 Q3 2025
results of 23.6 million, but I think the
percentage change year on year was up
560% right. So crazy. Yeah.
>> Um, and I I don't know I don't know the
actual numbers but I've seen reported
run rates of like 120 million AR but I'm
ass sure I'm sure that's that's growing
exponentially month.
Um what really struck out to me is that
the path to profitability that you've
been on and like the intention that's
run across that process. I'd love to
just understand a bit more about um
about how that how you set up that
growth strategy from sort of day one and
and how that's then played out with the
compounding. obviously your subscription
brand cohorts coming through um and that
providing that foundation for for
profitability over the last couple of
quarters.
>> Sure. I mean just give you um again the
details in terms of financial
performance and what we how we've been
able to scale. Right. So last December
which was our first you know full month
of launching the brand uh we did 581,000
USD in monthly revenue. Um yeah, in
December we hit 10 million um US monthly
revenue, right? So that gets us to 120
million
>> annual recurring revenue run rate. Um
yeah, so the the growth has been Yeah.
crazy, right? So to be fair, we didn't
expect this level of uptake so fast. Uh
and our initial projections Yeah. for
the full year of 2025 was in the
vicinity of about 30 million USD which
to be fair is still quite an optimistic
figure right for a new brand going out
the
>> gate yeah that's pretty crazy
>> yeah in a competitive environment right
um so we ended the you know basically
you full year 2025 at roughly 60 million
USD uh because that's the fullear
revenue and then you have the annual
recurring revenue which you're taking
basically 10 million from December and
multiply by 12. So that's where you get
120 million, right? Um and then yeah so
the the growth has been you know quite
crazy and of course it's been quite
relentless um from you know the first
month until you know the last month of
last year right
>> yeah and I can imagine like the
operations and the like just resourcing
that growth journey um must must be such
a task um I'd love to chat quickly
before we dive into that just on like
the mix and like the approach to growth
obviously See, we've analyzed in detail
your meta strategy, your website
strategy, how those two things work
together. Is is the majority of your
your mix still focused on meta as the
primary driver of growth? Um how is that
kind of shaped out as the year's
progressed and that that that revenue
has accelerated?
>> Sure. So I think um I think in the first
year Yeah. first year is again I think
the the challenge for any new brand or
entrepreneur etc is they they may try to
focus on too many different channels
right um without really getting you know
one or two of the core channels right so
for 25 we mainly focus this on meta and
Google right so you know realistically
meta is roughly about 80% of where we
spend and then the rest in Google um you
know with that being said now this year
we're going to be diversifying this a
little bit more to multiple channels
yeah because again we're looking for new
audiences, new individuals that haven't
seen the brand yet. Um, so but in 25 we
really wanted to focus on those two
specific channels, right?
>> Yeah. And I think we preach a focus a I
think those two channels alone can and
you've proven that builds builds such a
monster business still when you get them
right and it it requires that real depth
of focus to do them to the standard that
you've you've achieved before you then
layer on more complexity of the Tik Toks
the the other channels that then also
tend to be less incremental like day one
performance-wise.
>> Yeah, exactly right. And then again we
we and we wanted to do a lot of the
conversions again roughly 98% of our
conversions now happen on our website
right imalth.com we have a few
percentage on Amazon just in low in the
US yeah but given again we feel that
we've have such a strong bank a strong
brand uh and strong offering yeah we
prefer you we rather have all the
transactions on our own website right
and then one thing that we also did uh
from day one that really helped the
growth yeah kind of exponentially. From
day one, we ship to 30 plus countries,
right? So, I think a lot of brands, they
just start um just with a US focus or
like one country focus, but from day
one, we went out to this, okay, you how
can we impact as many people as possible
from day one. And of course, you know,
the backend logistic operations even
from a meta targeting perspective,
right? Uh is going to be much more
challenging when you're going after such
a greater uh market.
>> Yeah. I guess not complex in channel
setup but very complex from a market
perspective which is but I guess that's
played out and have you seen strong
performance across all the majority of
those markets or have you then started
to kind of prioritize two or three is
that what's that looked like?
>> Yeah. So, I mean, right now we're still
very young, right? I would say we're
only like 13 months in there. So, we're
still seeing quite strong growth across,
you know, our top 10 markets, right? So,
our top markets, US, Canada, UK, um,
Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, UAE,
and so these markets have done really,
really well for us. And so, we're seeing
growth, you know, across the board.
>> Makes sense. So, yeah, looking at
looking at 2026, you mentioned a couple
of new channels. I I imagine you've got
a lot of headroom in in many of those
markets based on the size and scale they
are. But what do you see as the big
growth levers to retain that sort of
growth rate you've seen in 2025?
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, again like you mentioned right we
still believe I mean the TAM for you
know our segment is incredibly large um
and then for some of these markets wise
and we're just getting started right um
there's still a lot of people that
haven't tried a product haven't taken
the product and now we're getting lots
of word of mouth referrals in this you
know next you know 13 14 days I mean uh
given now our brand is you know 13 14
months old right so a lot of people that
have taken it for you know three 6
months they're experiencing significant
benefits to their overall health. So of
course this next to the move next level
we in in October we only we also
launched u a new longevity product that
goes hand inhand with the essentials. So
again uh 26 wise uh new channels for our
marketing purposes. We're also going to
be launching two to three new skills
towards the second half of 26. So we
believe that will also further the
growth and what we have publicly
mentioned in terms of our revenue growth
is that it should be approximately 3x
from 2025. Right? So in 25 our full year
was approximately 60 million USD in
fular revenue. In 26 uh we're projecting
roughly about 180 to 200 million fular
revenue and which gets us to roughly
about a 300 million annual recurring run
rate by the end of 26.
crazy growth. Um, just just to double
double click on that channel bit, what
what beyond Facebook and Google, what
what is if you're able to share your
next big bet from a channel perspective?
I think a big topic across GTC brands
right now is like trying to get away
from
the the handcuffs of Facebook and just
spending pretty much all of your budget
there. So, what does that look like for
IMA into 2026?
Yeah, for 26 again um yeah, we we
definitely want to diversify as well as
with all these other you know DC
companies, right? So I think we're
looking into of course you know YouTube
uh we're looking at you know podcast we
haven't really done much in podcast and
of course that's a big segment in
general for supplements uh you we are
looking at Tik Tok we're looking at you
know uh uh apploving so we're looking at
these few new different channels yeah
again but we want to make sure if we do
it you know we get we get really great
people that have had significant
experience in each of these channels
otherwise you know we can try a channel
And then we say you know what we tried
that doesn't work right but it's
obviously been working for many other
brands. So the idea of when we do design
new channel how do we do it well uh with
the right people that can execute on
>> 100%. Um that's a natural segue into the
the people and resource se segment that
I really wanted to chat chat to you
about. Um, you obviously came out the
gates with a with a really high standard
of execution across across meta across
those core channels from a creative
perspective to a website perspective and
that's that was clear from just looking
at it but it's also been clear from the
picture of the of revenue and and the
growth rate that you've seen through
2025.
Um, how have you how did you approach
sort of resourcing in that early stage
from a growth perspective? Um, one of
the things we chat to and I think a lot
of brands struggle with as they grow is
building out the correct org structure
to support growth rate. And we found a
few brands towards the back end of last
year were almost getting caught short
where they hadn't made the right
resources decisions 3 months ago to
allow them to have enough resource to
hit their targets coming into 2026.
Um so I'd love to understand a bit about
yeah that what that's looked like day
one and then how that sort of progressed
throughout throughout the year.
>> Yeah. Um you know great question right
and I think this is a always moving
target moving challenge right um you
know to be fair fair fair with you I
think a lot of individuals that was here
early on yeah let's say even yeah in Q1
of last year yeah majority of them are
not here anymore right uh yeah because I
think the reality is especially from the
marketing team right I think you know we
wanted we we're growing so fast um with
the growth rate I have and at different
stages stages of the organization, you
always need different people, right? And
then so I think that that's very key.
And again, you know, with employees with
the team, the reality is, you know, you
never know if it would fit within your
culture until you get them on board,
right? And there's no right or wrong,
right? And again, think for our culture,
again, I just I told the team last week,
hey, if individ
you love Yeah. doing something new every
day and just really Yeah. you you like
that growth mentality, you're always
learning, always pushing the boundaries,
you pronetics or IMA is a great place
for you, right? Yeah. But we're not
we're never going to be a comfortable
company, right? Because to be fair, I
mean, again, I I told the team last
year, uh, even just last week, right?
>> Um, if we wanted to do 100 million in
revenue this year, right, full year
revenue, we'd be very comfortable. I
could probably work, you know, two days
a week and then we get there, right?
But, you know, that's not what we want
to achieve, right? Because I think in a
way that's kind of a little bit yeah
boring right so I think [snorts] you
have to set out your team and again for
my role is really thinking okay in the
next 3 6 12 months who do I need at the
organization
that can handle this growth or if I
don't have that individual now I need to
start recruiting yeah for that
individual right because I I started
with the team and my role is kind of
like a [snorts] general manager at a
sports team right you have the head
coach you have the players as well and
And you have the starters, you have the
bench, etc. And you know, our goal is to
win a championship. And when we want to
win a champ and when your goal is to win
a championship, you really need Yeah.
all the players, including your bench
players at a really high level, right?
And but again, this is a very different,
it's also very difficult. Yeah. Because
when you're talking about people, it's
always different challenges. There's
always, you emotion that gets into the
play, etc., etc. Yeah. But yeah, when
you're wanting to build a championship,
then that's kind of how I think about
the team and resourcing, right?
>> Yeah. You you're trying to produce
unusual outcomes, so you need unusual
inputs. I guess you non-standard inputs
anyway. Do you codify that culture? Like
how do you codify the culture of
predetics and I IMA? If you got like a
like a Mus operendi, I guess, that you
can that you reference regularly.
>> Um, yeah, but it's constantly changing,
right? Uh yeah, but I think to be fair,
I think um in any organization in
general, a lot of the culture, it does
come down to the founder and CEO, right?
Uh yeah, we do have a very founder
organization here. Again, I'm very very
hands-on with a lot of our decisions on
a daily basis, right? Um because I think
again at this stage again as a 13
because even though we are a 11 year old
company I feel IMA is only a 13-month
old company right that's how long we've
been in business so in this type of
setting we our speed is our our biggest
advantage yeah and we have to act fast
while at the same time delivering on
quality right and then so a lot of times
again I'm involved in like the trenders
and and I for any brand or any company
early on the founder really dictates the
tone and the culture and this is
something you can't outsource to another
employee or team member.
>> Yeah. I I also I really like the frame
of like urg the inject founders job is
also to inject urgency I think a lot of
the time urgency and pace into the
organization that can
>> yeah to have
>> and block and also to unblock blockers
right because there'll always be
blockers within the organization right
so you know so something new I just
started doing this year right because I
was thinking last year you know I was
like incredibly busy with all the
different things on the corporate level
that we're doing keep in mind we're also
a publicly listed company right that
pinetics owns 100% of IMATE so we're
able to grow so fast in 25 but you know
we also again just to give you highlight
last year uh we sold one of our
diagnostic test companies for 72 million
USD we got a investment from 10 cent for
one of our other subsidiaries
uh we recently also sold Europa for up
to $13 million yeah we bought Bitcoin in
June then we stopped buying Bitcoin few
weeks ago, right? So that was all
happening.
>> Yeah. Lots going on while still at the
same time running IM8, right? And then
so you know in many ways what we wanted
to achieve going into 26 is also a focus
on execution and results. Yeah. And even
for myself, right, I think I was doing
way too much last year and so that's why
we started divesting a lot of these
assets because we seen Yeah. IM8 the
growth opportunity here is is again I I
feel it's once in a lifetime and if we
get this right over the next three to
five years we can literally be one of
the world's biggest supplement brands in
the world right so that way focus on IMA
so what I've done new this year is every
single day I'm dedicating my days to a
specific uh department so for example
one day could be finance one day could
be operations supply chain marketing
growth retention
Yeah, investor relations, right? So, and
then that simplifies my day in terms of
what I know I need to focus on. Um, and
then and then also I think that helps a
lot with my team members as well, right?
Because they know Yeah. specifically
they can yeah have access to me. Yeah.
For a few hours that day and afterwards
then we can continue email and WhatsApp.
>> Yeah. makes a lot of sense and
simplifies what can be quite a complex
um I think it becomes really hard to to
to allocate time as a CEO over time as
the business grows and you have to and
the team expands and there's more things
to think about. I can't even imagine how
many things you've got to think about
compared to compared to me and our in
our relatively simple business in in com
in comp in comparison. Um, in terms of
that team, you mentioned that you've
you've you've seen um, a lot of the
people who were there earlier in the
process leave the business. I think
that's not unusual to to what to what I
see within a lot of our clients. Like a
head of growth or a growth lead for a
brand doing 0 to 20 million is
functionally very different for a brand
going from 20 to 50 or 50 to 100. Um,
have you managed have you relied solely
on internal resource? have you learned
into agencies? How's that picture looked
as you've as you as you launched
especially across those key channels?
>> Um and what's the what's the headcount
progression looked like in some of those
key functions?
>> Yeah. So it's mainly inhouse. Yeah. But
we have had uh agency you know agency
help in terms of you know creatives and
those things uh those things like that.
All right. Uh
before we got started lead on agency
that was easier to get started then we
took everything inhouse. So right now
the majority is done in-house and then
right now our team is roughly about you
know 40 to 50 individuals uh and yeah
given where we're at and again given you
the growth expectations over the in this
year wise even though let's say we want
to grow 3x I do not expect the team size
to get more than you know 10 to 15
additional people. Yeah, I think that's
common with everyone's trying to achieve
more with less right now, aren't they?
In terms, right, with with all the AI
tools that exist today. It's just
amazing and incredible, right? So, you
know, you don't Yeah, because once you
have a lot of people, the problem is
it puts too many different layers and
decision making actually gets lessened.
And I'm not a believer that with more
people things are actually better,
right? You actually I always believe
yeah from my entrepreneur journey you
you can do a lot with less people
especially nowadays with so many AI
tools at your fingertips
>> 100%. where where are you seeing AI
drive the most value to the business in
terms of efficiency gains currently and
then do you expect that to play I
everyone's talking about 2026 being like
the year of agents the year that we
really see some of these like balance
sheet impacts from AI implementation
obviously we saw some of that in 2025
but how do you expect that to play out
in your org over the next 12 months
>> yeah so I mean I think you know this has
been yeah for yeah even before we
launched IM8 right at that time right
when you know chat first came out I mean
I I was a big proponent of AI across the
organization right so yeah every single
department yeah they must use AI in some
part of their uh work and department uh
work and reporting aspects right uh but
specifically wise I think marketing of
course is a big big bene uh beneficiary
to a lot of these AI tools uh you
because again there's because I would
say even from creatives ads you
brainstorming. I mean, there's so much
that AI can do to help with that
process. Yeah. So, for giving me a good
great example, right? So, we had uh one
AI video that we launched right before
the US Open in September of last year.
Um and this this ad was comp completely
done by AI, right? It was also featuring
Arena Sabalinka. Um after when we
thought it would get like three to four
million views, right? If you go on to
our IM8 health Instagram page, you'll
see it racked up 233 million views.
>> That's crazy.
>> So insane, right? And I'm sure you know
you can't fake the Instagram numbers,
right? So, you know, even Meta
Instagram, they came to me like, "Hey,
what's going on there?" I was like, you
know, we're as surprised as you on this,
right? But if you get great content,
then you this is where, you know, the
algorithms by itself will be able to
show it to so many people. And when you
get such top of funnel awareness then it
becomes much easier to market you know
everything retargeting uh these
individuals right but we use AI across
organizations uh yeah especially when
you need a lots of content out there
because of new meta algorithms I mean
you know content is king right
[clears throat] so and it's just
impossible if you have to do it manually
>> yeah 100% I think that's where we use we
we get the most benefit from AI
currently it's like the research it's
the scripting it's the concepting and
the the the the time efficiency you can
get across there and the the the volume
I guess cost per asset is how you'd
measure that objectively how you can
kind of drive that down over time
>> and then even like things like
>> strategy right I mean I personally use
lots of AI just from a strategy
perspective yeah because I think you
know AI is smarter than any one of us
and you know you have such a powerful
you know toolkit in front of your
fingertips say it's it's you know I I
actually believe with AI you know the
entrepreneurs that can leverage AI are
creating such a big gap over individuals
that are not leveraging it right I mean
the same with individuals as well I mean
the gap is actually bigger and bigger
you know on a daily basis
>> yeah I saw a tweet over Christmas that
was from I can't remember the account
but it it said that we're going to see
in 2026 we're going to see those who
interface with frontier AI models live
in a fundamentally different reality to
those who don't because they're going to
be able to produce seven days work in
one.
>> Um, and a lot of the job of a of of
individuals in organization is to stay
curious about the the limits of those
models and really get try and push the
boundaries of what's possible.
>> Yeah. Because I think right now I mean
the limitation
>> you know for any individual or any
employee right is actually creativity
right if you as long as you can think
it. Yeah. AI can produce it right. So
it's like hey I think moving forward is
how do you create [snorts] uh I think
creativity is the key thing every
individual needs to learn more about.
Yeah. And I think Yeah. Because
knowledge is free
>> nowadays, right? So it's like how do you
but it's not an easy thing because a lot
of times because a lot of individuals or
employees been trained like very
textbook a they need to follow a set of
rules a set of ways to doing different
things. Yeah. But nowadays it's I think
the whole
>> you know that philosophy is is broken.
I also think creativity can it can
sometimes require a different behavior
like not just sat executing all the
time. It can require you to to get out
of get outside change your routine to to
I know certainly myself I come up with a
lot of my best ideas when I'm not sat
looking at a computer all day. Um and
it's yeah just very different behavior.
It's interesting to see how that that
um how AI and content development you
mentioned plays out this year. I think
we're going to see a massive rise in AI
creative that looks indistinguishable
from human creative and I think that's
great in the short term. Not sure about
how that plays out long term in terms of
platform use, but you guys have already
I think what you guys have got in in
that expert and and that David arena
like I feel like those sort of
personalities become more valuable in a
world when you can create
indistinguishable content from all your
be competitors as like a real
differentiator.
Um so really interested to see how that
plays out. What what does your create
what does your meta creative journey
look like? That's what that's a lot of
what we talk about on this podcast is
very tactical creative strategy,
creative output for Facebook. How was
your volume process? What surprised you
about that strategy? Um any key
learnings that that maybe some of our
audience could take into their business?
>> Yeah, I think um I think the reality
early I mean that's just to show I think
uh early on when we were on this
journey, let's say like you know in
January of last year, right? I think
we're doing like maybe seven 800,000
monthly revenue, right? ing you spend a
lot of time um in in the in the creative
journey, right? And thinking about
meeting about hey, you know, what do you
think is going to work? Yeah, do you
think the AB CD blah blah blah is going
to work and etc. But the reality is each
one of us has our own biases and we
really don't know what's going to work,
right? Yeah, we may have an idea uh but
no one knows what's going to ultimately
work. And then so we've moved away from
personal biases to have just a lot of
different ideas and content and just
testing. Now I think ultimately you just
have to have lots of testing um to be
able to figure out and pick out the
winners that you can then multiply with.
Right. Um I think a key thing is just
making sure that you stay on brand. I
think that's fundamentally really really
important because you also don't want to
test and it Yeah. doesn't stay on brand,
right? Yeah. because again we were we
have a premium brand we have a
scienceback product um so I think it's
just testing velocity so for example
right now yeah we're testing yeah even
statics yeah upwards to about 8 to 800
to a thousand ads on a weekly basis
>> crazy volume
>> yeah but when we started we're testing
with like 50 right so
>> I agree I think I think in that early
phase it's the it also that that that
workflow is where you can learn a lot
about the customer and what resonates
and that could inform a lot more about
the the overall marketing mix and
message which is really really valuable.
Um it's yeah huge volume. I I I agree on
the bias and feel like creat you you can
almost get caught up in like the
minutiae of that creative process and
trying to perfect every ass every asset
be like over in you need to be
intentional with your tests and they
need to be grounded in a hypothesis but
you are still playing an outlier game,
right? It's like we're trying to find
those outlier ads that can drive real
>> um significant spend growth. Um so yeah
>> I mean I think two parts where I would
say your website your homepage that
needs to be very very intentional right
and then but then even with that then
you can test with CRO optimization etc.
But I think the ads part I [snorts]
think again you just need lots of
content, lots of different variations
and stay on brand with it. All right.
>> Yeah. I think again for those watching
go and look at IMH funnels. I think
they're best in class. A lot of brands
spend too much time on creative and not
enough time on website right now. They
don't they're not thinking. They're not
being as intentional in that in that
stage. And I feel like you guys have
just got that combination down from day
one and that's contributed to such crazy
growth. Yeah, because you look at every
single module that we have on the
website, even the homepage, right?
There's a specific reason for it. And we
may have actually you look at it's a
very long website, right? Yeah. And we
we put a lot of educational pieces on
the product, a backstory, a you David
Beckham co-ounding know and etc etc. But
every module has its place because
ultimately you know we are selling a
premium product a premium supplement
product and you really need to educate
the customer in terms of what are they
actually getting and why they should be
paying you know such price for it right
>> 100% 100%. Um, we've talked about
acquisition quite a lot there. Um,
obviously your CAT to LTV profile is
bestin-class as well and I think that's
contributed to the to the profitability
gains you've seen towards the end of
last year. Um, did that s did the did
the quality of those cohorts surp I
imagine as you as you're growing so fast
you're still learning quite a bit there
but did the quality of that surprise you
as well um from sort of day one or just
talk a bit about about that journey as
well.
Yeah. So the the cohorts, right? I mean,
of course, we uh been able to grow, you
know, significantly in the last uh
basically the last six months of 25.
Yeah. So those cohorts were still
those cohorts were still understanding
their behavior, right? Uh yeah, but I
think thus far, you know, we do see a
very good cap to, you know, LTB ratio,
right? Um and we haven't specifically
mentioned it because it's constantly
changing. Yeah. uh but I do believe in
the next you know this this uh in 2026
we'll have a very good idea you know
what are what these uh CAT to LTV ratio
but of course industry standard is
looking at about a a 1 to three around
3:1 from a CAC to LTV ratio right so
that's what our target is
>> yeah I feel like it's as you the growth
rate you're seeing obviously there
there's a lot of there like you say
there's that confidence you need to get
that confidence in the actual metric and
I think a lot of brands overstep
prematurely um work towards a cat to LTV
that they don't have full confidence or
clarity in. Um what are your big plays
on what you've obviously brought out a
new longevity product is most of your
plays towards towards LCV growth going
to be product driven into the 2026 and
beyond? Um yeah great question right so
I think something we recently introduced
you know again which we felt is actually
quite a big uh I mean again I think for
any brand to to think about and doing
right so last month we actually
introduced a 90day supply right and then
so this actually increased AOV quite
significantly as well right so uh and we
couldn't previously do this because as a
new brand yeah no one's going to buy
upfront 3 months of your supply right
yeah until they see the social proof
they talk to their friends and family,
etc., etc., right? U but we've actually
been very surprised at the uptake that
we've seen on the 90day um supply and
again just give you an example, right?
So our daily ultimate essentials and
then we've only rolled out in the US
before launching it uh worldwide, right?
So, uh it was previously $89, you know,
for a monthly supply uh monthly supply
and then uh 70 uh sorry, uh $89 with a
monthly subscription. And then December,
we launched a threemonth subscription um
that you pay $78 monthly or $235 on a
onetime basis and then auto renews for
three months. Right. Got you. Uh when we
did that, our average order value went
from $150 to $200 USD overnight.
>> Jesus. Big jump. Big jump.
>> Yeah. Big jump. And then so what that
does is actually it lowers our payback
period. Yeah. Quite significantly,
right? Because the payback period is a
metric I look at very closely um on a
daily basis, right? Because this is
yeah, basically how we allocate cash,
etc., etc., right? So our previous
payback period was roughly about 3.9
months and then when we did this yeah
90-day uh program wise right you're
looking at roughly about two and a half
to 3 months in terms of the payback
period. Yeah. So it's quite significant.
Of course yeah again we to be fair I I
don't have quantified data to share
because we only rolled this out last
month but by default I would imagine
this has to increase our retention rates
as well.
>> Yeah. You'd expect AOV is like a lead
leading indicator of LTV usually, isn't
it? So as your AOV goes up, you'd expect
your cohort value to
>> go up as well. Have you seen
>> and your retention rates to improve as
well, right? Because again, once you
have people consistently on your product
for 60, 90 days, you know, they'll feel
the effects, right? Better energy,
better gut health, sharper thinking,
better sleep. And then so once they do
that, then of course then your retention
will improve, right? It it was a big um
uh it it was a I would say quite big
change for us and again because now we
have established this brand you know
people are willing to make that
investment with a 3-month purchase
>> makes sense. I think that
habitualization is such an under like
underappreciated part of of a supplement
brand. One of the key things that you
see on there can cancellation reasons is
just having too much product. And that's
a signal that they've just not managed
to habitualize and ritualize consumption
enough. Um but it's a very hard problem
to solve is how do you get people to to
build a habit in their life um around
consumption. So that's super
interesting.
>> And I one thing I want to mention on
that 90day post which I think will be
relevant for your audience because I'm
sure it's like a lot of DC operators
etc. Right? Because we didn't just
launch the 90day supply with with just a
discount. We launched it because we're
always thinking what value can we
provide to the customer, right? And
again, what do we have that, you know,
other brands may not have? Yeah. So,
we're leveraging our scientific advisory
board and our key performance board as
well. So, what we're providing for
individuals that subscribe to the 90-day
plan, we're giving you access to a
master class of our from our scientific
advisory board, the likes of Dr. Dawn
from Mayo Clinic, right? So, she'll talk
to you on a group setting. You can ask
any questions. You get access to Bobby
Rich, David Beckham's trainer, right?
So, I'm sure there's a lot of questions.
Hey, I want to train like David, right?
And like, how do I do that? Correct. So,
you get access to eight of our leading
SA doc and these all doctors, worldclass
uh trainers, etc. So, you get access to
these individuals on a 90-day basis.
Yeah. So, again, and this is free,
right? So
>> I think ultimately we're building that
community and we don't want to just sell
product but we want to get people yeah
fit healthy um and you through this
lifestyle
>> 100%. It's a really novel way to look at
perceived value and other ways to drive
value to the consumer other than just
giving more product discounting gifts
with purchase. I think that's super
interesting and I'm sure a lot a lot of
uh our listeners can can reflect on
their own business and find ways to do
something similar. They're not going to
be able to copy what you guys have done
there with those names, but G guides,
resources, community, there's so many
different ways to approach that problem.
>> Um
well, yeah, uh we're coming up to the
end. I could go on and ask a million
more questions, but um yeah, I'd love to
just get I guess a rundown. 2026. We've
already touched on a few areas, but
yeah, pro to summarize, are we looking
at just market expansion,
uh, uh, channel expansion and and
product expansion? Do we have any other
big ponds for IMA looking into the rest
of this year?
>> No, we're uh, you know, we're also going
to be announcing a few new, you know,
big ambassadors, you know, coming on
board, right? So, I think this is always
an evolution. Again, uh, I think, yeah,
David Arena, amazing. Yeah. I think this
brand again, we're trying to create a a
true global community of individuals,
you know, which want to perform at their
best. Um, yeah, and we're adding a few
individuals, you know, in the next, you
know, few months here. And I think that
will be very exciting.
>> Amazing. I'm excited to keep an eye on
on who they are, um, and what what what
areas they're they're operating in. But
yeah, thank you. Thank you very much for
joining me, Danny. Thank you for giving
away so much value and such an insight
into the growth rate of of the brand.
Um, and yeah, where can everyone
watching watching find you?
>> Um, you know, LinkedIn. Yeah, LinkedIn
is a good spot, right? Um, yeah, we're
Yeah, we're trading under Prenetics Pre.
Yeah. So, that's also a good spot as
[music] well.
>> Perfect. Well, yeah. Thank you. Thank
you very much. Thank you all for
watching. Um, we'll catch you next week
on another episode.